This is a web application which can classify a review into a positive or negative. It is trained on a basic Artificial Neural Network having test accuracy of around 89%. It has two more sections in which we can see the wordcloud of the reviews selected from a particular website and a pie chart which shows the percentage of positive and negative reviews. 

The requirement for this project was to gather information about the reviews present on the website www.etsy.com and then depict them on a web app 
in an easily understandable format like pie chart and worcloud.

Also, a sentiment analysis section needed to be integrated in the web app in which any review can be pasted, and it could classify it as positive or negative


Selenium is used for scraping.

The frontend and backend of this web app is developed using Dash and database used is SQLite. 

Database is used just to store and retreive the scraped reviews.

For the modelling, Keras API is used and modelling is done on Google Colab.

This web app has been deployed on AWS t2.micro instance.


All the required files for this project is present in this repository except the model.h5(it was >100 MB).
It can be generated by running the Model_Training.ipynb file.

app.py file is the entry point of all the backend and frontend code.

Steps to run this project on your own machine:

Open this project inside any IDE and install the modules using requirements.txt file. Run Model_Training.ipynb on browser..it will generate two files: 1) model.h5  2)tfidf_vocab.pkl

now put these two files into your project root directory and run app.py file.

That will run the app in your localhost.







